add jwt flow (#988)
kyma-incubator/compass: components/gateway/README.md

| **APP_DIRECTOR_ORIGIN**          | The address and port on which the Director service is listening   | `http://127.0.0.1:3001`  | 
| **APP_CONNECTOR_ORIGIN**         | The address and port on which the Connector service is listening  | `http://127.0.0.1:3002`  | 
| **APP_AUDITLOG_ENABLED**         | The variable that enables the audit log feature                   | `false`                  | 

If you set **APP_AUDITLOG_ENABLED** to `true`, the following environment variables are required:

| Name                             | Description                                                                                   | 
| -------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **APP_AUDITLOG_URL**             | The URL under which the audit log service is available                                        |
| **APP_AUDITLOG_CONFIG_PATH**     | The path for logging configuration changes                                                    |
| **APP_AUDITLOG_SECURITY_PATH**   | The path for logging security events                                                          |

> | **APP_AUDITLOG_AUTH_MODE**       | The auditlog authorization mode. Possible values are: `basic`, `oauth`  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_AUDITLOG_AUTH_MODE**       | The audit log authorization mode. The possible values are `basic` and `oauth`.  |
```

> ### Auditlog authorization configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Audit log authorization configuration
```

Reviewer: Maybe it would be a good idea to move the previous table under this section?

> If you set **APP_AUDITLOG_AUTH_MODE** to `basic`, you have to pass following values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set **APP_AUDITLOG_AUTH_MODE** to `basic`, you are required to pass the following values:
```

| Name                             | Description                                                    |  
| -------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |  
| **APP_AUDITLOG_USER**            | The username to the audit log service                          |
| **APP_AUDITLOG_PASSWORD**        | The password to the audit log service                          |
| **APP_AUDITLOG_TENANT**          | The tenant for which audit logs are created                    |

> If you set **APP_AUDITLOG_AUTH_MODE** to `oauth`, you have to pass following values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set **APP_AUDITLOG_AUTH_MODE** to `oauth`, you are required to pass the following values:
```

| Name                              | Description                                                |  
| --------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- |  

> | **APP_AUDITLOG_CLIENT_ID**        | The username to the oauth service service                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_AUDITLOG_CLIENT_ID**        | The username to the OAuth service |
```

> | **APP_AUDITLOG_CLIENT_SECRET**    | The password to the oauth service                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_AUDITLOG_CLIENT_SECRET**    | The password to the OAuth service                          |
```

> | **APP_AUDITLOG_OAUTH_URL**        | The oauth url from where the token can be retrieved        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_AUDITLOG_OAUTH_URL**        | The OAuth URL from which you can get the access token       |
```

| **APP_DIRECTOR_ORIGIN**          | The address and port on which the Director service is listening   | `http://127.0.0.1:3001`  | 
| **APP_CONNECTOR_ORIGIN**         | The address and port on which the Connector service is listening  | `http://127.0.0.1:3002`  | 
| **APP_AUDITLOG_ENABLED**         | The variable that enables the audit log feature                   | `false`                  | 

### Audit log authorization configuration

If you set **APP_AUDITLOG_ENABLED** to `true`, the following environment variables are required:

| Name                             | Description                                                                     | 
| -------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **APP_AUDITLOG_URL**             | The URL under which the audit log service is available                          |
| **APP_AUDITLOG_CONFIG_PATH**     | The path for logging configuration changes                                      |
| **APP_AUDITLOG_SECURITY_PATH**   | The path for logging security events                                            |

> | **APP_AUDITLOG_AUTH_MODE**       | The audit log authorization mode. The possible values are `basic` and `oauth`   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_AUDITLOG_AUTH_MODE**       | The audit log authorization mode. The possible values are `basic` and `oauth`.   |
```

If you set **APP_AUDITLOG_AUTH_MODE** to `basic`, you are required to pass the following values:

| Name                             | Description                                                    |  
| -------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |  
| **APP_AUDITLOG_USER**            | The username to the audit log service                          |
| **APP_AUDITLOG_PASSWORD**        | The password to the audit log service                          |
| **APP_AUDITLOG_TENANT**          | The tenant for which audit logs are created                    |

If you set **APP_AUDITLOG_AUTH_MODE** to `oauth`, you are required to pass the following values:

| Name                              | Description                                                |  
| --------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- |  

> | **APP_AUDITLOG_CLIENT_ID**        | The username to the Oauth service service                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_AUDITLOG_CLIENT_ID**        | The username to the OAuth service |
```

> | **APP_AUDITLOG_CLIENT_SECRET**    | The password to the Oauth service                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_AUDITLOG_CLIENT_SECRET**    | The password to the OAuth service                          |
```

> | **APP_AUDITLOG_OAUTH_URL**        | The Oauth URL from which gateway can get the access token  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_AUDITLOG_OAUTH_URL**        | The OAuth URL from which Gateway can get the access token  |
```
